Title: Fragile Cork Forest Eco-system | Creatures of the Cork Forest | BBC Earth
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=-v6VaJG7ZO4


she's unlikely to be disturbed here the
farmer who would have harvested the
olives is laka so to the cork oak
woodland once surrounded the abandoned
farmstead probably cleared during the
1980s when EU subsidies encouraged to
switch to more intensive crops like
maize at the same time wine drinking was
becoming more and more popular with a
corresponding increase in demand for
corked bark the producers of cork
Stoppers could hardly keep pace and in
some factories standards of quality and
cleanliness
as a result complaints of tainted or
corked wine rose and open the way for
new plastic or metal alternatives
marketed as cleaner and more modern than
cork Stoppers like these by early 2000
the cork industry had lost almost a
quarter of its market to this new
competition some London's fearing the
worst continued to replace their core
cokes with cereal crops but on these dry
impoverished soils many such projects
were doomed to failure
once felled quart woodland is very
difficult to restore a complex ecosystem
such as the Mont odda takes time
knowledge and patience to recreate that
Francisco knows well there's a
Portuguese proverb that says vinius -
Mina SH all advisers most bikes in
montages of Milton but such an English
this means that this vineyards of mine
olive groves of my parents and montage
of my ancestors as that shows the time
it takes to have a montage established
carefully control plantations like this
how modern farmers try to recreate their
cool woodlands there was a simpler way
in the past one of the good memories I
have from my childhood is that walking
in the Mont oddo
we should my with my grandfather he
would just look for an acorn he would
pick it up and with the heel of his boot
just do like this put it back like this
enough to pick up a piece of with thorns
like this and just put it on top of of
the akon just to protect it it would
choose a place where there were no
trees and hopefully next year we will
have a nice sprouting young tree in
that place look here there here is a
beautiful icon that is
as has germinated you see hopefully this
Aiken and 20 30 years time will be
giving some I won't be here to
harvest it but I hope my sons you know
or my grandsons will be here for it
let's hope it's here
