Title: Dynasties Crew Rescues the Trapped Penguins | Dynasties | BBC Earth
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2Co_hmLenD8


oh my word
there is the reverse down there with
chicked film crews have to capture
events as they unfold whatever their
feelings
I know it's natural but it's some movie
hard to watch
[Music]
then we just have to preserve them for a
bit and see exactly what's happening
[Music]
you come back up onto the top because
the weather's coming in again and we
were just about to pack up and another
with a chick on its feet managed to make
its way up it's amazing using its beak
and then when it got to this last little
lip its wings only the other fifty in
there could do the same hopefully the
word that are all clear again tomorrow
and we can get back down here and
fingers crossed there'll be a few less
birds in this hole
two days later the weather allows the
team to return to the colony already the
gulley has claimed more casualties the
team decide to act we've given it a lot
of thought we've decided that we are
definitely gonna dig a shallow ramp that
they will hopefully use it's fairly rare
for the film crew to intervene but they
realized that they may be able to save
at least some of these words simply by
digging a few steps in the ice oh man
look we were literally just about to
leave but the first birds are definitely
making their way out which is brilliant
so hopefully they'll displayed their way
back to the colony and them and their
chicks will have a much better chance of
survival because there's no chance they
were going to survive down there
you
