Title: Lobsters At War! | Blue Planet | BBC Earth
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2PGHZDnZ0Mc


it's now midsummer and the sun is
shining at full strength the increasing
warmth is the cue for an Atlantic
lobster to start on a long journey she
spent the winter 250 meters down far
beyond the reach of the storms but it
was cold down there and now she needs to
find warmer water so she's marching
towards the shallows they however are a
hundred and fifty kilometres away after
a month of walking she finally arrives
at her favorite sand bank but she's not
the first here dozens of other lobsters
have already dug themselves homes in the
sand and they don't intend to surrender
them to newcomers
[Music]
[Music]
size counts for everything in these
battles the new arrival is in urgent
need of a pit and since she weighs a
hefty seven kilos she stands a good
chance of getting one
[Music]
she's won these battles continue for the
next two months and they're crucial for
the females must have both shelter and
warm water is there to raise their young
for the last seven months each of these
females has been carrying around about
20,000 fertilized eggs but their task is
approaching its end the warmth of the
shallows is speeding the eggs
development
two more months and the eggs are ready
to hatch
[Music]
at first they're not very good at
swimming but within a few minutes the
babies are able to set off in a
purposeful way
