Title: Nelly the Clever Pig | Extraordinary Animals | BBC Earth
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=2YKgfCH_Phk


dr. crony has come to gig harbor to meet
the talented Nellie for herself she
wants to understand more about how
Nellie perceives the tasks that she
performs on stage
although Nellie can perform her
repertoire of tricks on command it
doesn't tell us much about how flexible
or creative her thought processes really
are Nellie recognizes dozens of
different individual objects used in her
stage show and that each one has a
specific purpose but when asked to put
an odd-shaped object in the basketball
hoop
she clearly questions the logic of that
command ball in a hoop now this is
interesting cuz now he's having to check
this out and she's making a comparison
Nellie put the ball in the hoop huh look
at that what Nellie is doing is telling
us something about what she sees this
task accomplishing and it's putting a
round object into that hoop and so it's
a very specific concept she has of
what's supposed to be going on here
okay now this ability to recognize
shapes and textures helps explain her
stage finale spelling out the word ham
from the alphabet
Nellie can recognize the letters are
made of wood unlike the rest which are
made of plastic but this trick also
tells us something about Nellie's
intelligence the other thing that Nellie
is doing is she's consistently picking
out these letters in a certain order and
that's important because she has to
remember that order there's a level of
learning and memory that are coming into
play here
the next task is a game called win stay
lose shift can this once Nellie to guess
which one of these objects she has
chosen a green glass and a bell a place
side-by-side picking the glass means
treat picking the Bell means no treat
the trick is to work out the rule
without any clues this object
on her third attempt if Nellie picks out
the green glass it proves she
understands the rule she didn't get a
reward for picking the bell the first
time so she switched and picked the
glass that's exactly what we want to see
them doing if they get the rule of
Wednesday Lu's shift your choice after
years of training Nellie the results are
a big surprise for Priscilla so we're
actually teaching her to be creative to
not use cues from the outside she's not
being trained to use to do these tricks
she has to figure it out on herself it's
quite hard I think for an older Pig to
do some of these tasks because again
we're asking her to shift her thought
process a little bit we're asking her to
do things not only that she hasn't done
before but to think completely
differently for how she from how she has
been taught to work and so this is
probably quite difficult for her so it's
impressive she can do this at all
you
