Title: Familiar Faces | Gorillas Revisited with Sigourney Weaver | BBC Earth
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=cGNfGAhEelk


this is puck today she's no mother and
even a grandmother I could swear puck
just did a double-take
hmm maybe she remembers me and this is
Magnolia Maggie
great so inquisitive she's had a lot of
children
she's pucks sister when I knew her she
was just a youngster now she's a 25 year
old mom
what a strange nose friend she has yeah
it's quite complicated today who
couldn't there's another black but who
was the one of the infant's from Maggie
he has quite a distinctive nose print
you see this is the stylized drawing of
his nose print can see it there's sort
of a straight line and two little curves
yeah Ricardo's unusual nose print is
similar to his mom's but every gorillas
nose print is unique like a fingerprint
same inquisitive look
I haven't managed to see Maggie yet but
I have noticed one gorilla that seems
quite subdued and keeps herself apart
from the others by her nose print I can
see she's own way and who is my room
where the juvenile in the group who's
been very unfortunate the last couple of
years and that she's been caught a total
of three times by the snare sets in the
forest for the antelopes really and and
and she's recovered each time each time
she's recovered
Katie tells me that poachers are still
illegally setting traps in the forest to
catch antelope to eat or sell but
sometimes gorillas will get caught in
the snares instead it makes me anxious
to find Maggie but we don't have much
time our hour is almost up and we need
to get past Pablo first luckily he's
relaxed about us being here
we venture deeper into the forest
but it isn't long before I find myself
blocked by a black back we have to wait
for him to pass
I make gorilla noises as a friendly
greeting from my experience on gorillas
in the mist I know this display isn't a
real threat his act of bravado is just a
reminder that we're guests in his home I
don't know about the gorillas when you
see them you just can't stop smiling so
intelligent and you really feel so
privileged to be in their presence
there's something so magical about it
the hours up we're supposed to go back
but I think it'll be much nicer to just
stay here
you
you
