Title: The Diet of the Black Pig | Creatures of the Cork Forest | BBC Earth
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=dA0lajZXio0


during august the annual cork harvest
draws to a close an activity in the
parchment and gradually slows down as
autumn approaches by late october the
stripped cork trees are now deep red as
they begin to regrow their bark
the ergs now provide another abundant
harvest and the large acorns have their
own nutritious value particularly Publix
one of the most important pieces that
goes together with the Montero and the
cork oak is the Ellen channel black pig
and that is used for the the hand smoked
ham the acorns give the hand it's unique
nutty flavor and the pigs gorge on them
from November until February the meat of
this people is very valid in this one of
the yearly revenues of the Montalvo
because the cork only happens every nine
years in undisturbed areas of rough
grassland surface runways reveal a
smaller secretive mammal hunting for
acorns
this is cabarrus vault a species unique
to Spain in Portugal which favors the
cork forest it will return to its usual
diet of grasses sedges when the acorns
are finished
