Title: Deadly Vampire Bat Swarm! | Deadly 60 | Series 3 | BBC Earth
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=IQRnmTYUOJk


any insects around here are in big
trouble
the sound of their wings is just
phenomenal I actually have to raise my
voice to be heard above the sound of
these bats wings and there is a wind
being driven out from the hole just
purely from their flapping wings there
are nine different species of bats
living inside this cave and one of them
feeds on nectar the rest are all insect
feeding bats and this is one of the
greatest aggregations that is
collections of predators that you will
see on the whole planet
this is one of the greatest spectacles I
have ever witnessed from nothing to an
eruption of bats this really is a
volcano of that that is extraordinary to
see them begin their nightly pilgrimage
we scramble to a higher viewpoint above
the sinkhole we just quickly run up
above the sinkhole just to catch the
last few rays of sunshine illuminating
this cloud of bat just heading out
almost like tendrils of smoke over the
top of the forest it really is one of
the most beautiful sights I've ever seen
every single one of the bats their wings
are backlit by the sunshine so you can
see these tiny little phantoms glowing
orange as they hover above the forest
and look at that now just heading across
the skyline in just great long Smoky
tubes
it may seem crazy to be looking at
something so exquisite and suggesting it
as something that should go on the
deadly 60 but actually in terms of scale
we will never feature anything that is
such an epic display of predatory
behavior as this ever on this series
