Title: The Ferocious Looking Nile Monitor | BBC Earth
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=j9_OkRryXkY


for a few months this water world is
left to nature for some it's paradise
[Applause]
fish can now colonize areas that were
recently grassland for just a few weeks
they can take advantage of the huge new
supplies of food spot necked otters are
very social they live in close-knit
family groups often hunting together
intelligent and agile they hunt using
speed and cunning webbed feet to give
propulsion and a long tail helps them
steer well though they prefer fish these
otters will sometimes eat snails frogs
or even insects but there's one Swan
creature that really will eat anything
with a muscular body one-and-a-half
metres long and a powerful poisonous
bite the Nile monitor is understandably
avoided by all its neighbors relatively
clumsy on land under water
it's transformed into an agile hunter
but the huge lizard is just as happy
eating others rotting leftovers on the
bottom of the swamp in fact it will eat
and digest almost anything it can fit
into its mouth
the Nile monitor is one of the most
adaptable of all the sods animals in
this constantly changing water world
it's a winning strategy
