Title: Spotting a Rare Giant Amazon Otter | Deadly 60 | Series 2 | BBC Earth
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=LsCo2xiQd4I


just over the other side this lake is
one of the most elusive but one of the
most fascinating creatures found in the
whole of the Amazon the giant river
otter this is no ordinary otter at two
metres long then longer than I am tall
they spend most of the day
hidden in the flooded forest and any
second they could disappear before we
have a chance to film them the only
thing on our minds is getting to these
animals before they disappear it's a
long hard slog and finally we can hear
them somewhere on the edge of the lake
but it seems hearing them is far easier
than sea so we followed their calls in
the hotel emerge giant otters are
incredibly rare it would be quite an
achievement and a real privilege to see
them up close so when they finally
emerge we are this side ourselves the
whole family out of the water feeding
together this is just extraordinary
there's a group of about seven animals
in front of us so the one of them has
just made a kill and a stop this branch
here and I can hear him crunching from
here I'm sweating like crazy I'm all hot
and bothered and I couldn't care less
this is awesome but no sooner have we
seen them than they're gone vanishing
into the Flyboys
and by the sound of it something's
kicking off this prolonged vocal thing
that's going on behind this ear is
probably the otters have found an
anaconda very big snake or a caiman a
crocodile and we just hope in Italy as
serious by day giant otters ruled this
lake there's nothing that would mess
with them
oh look caiman coming out towards us now
just ducked under the water could be
what all the fuss is about
