Title: Camel Racing In Slow Motion Feat. Epic Fall | Slow Mo | BBC Earth
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=NPLQLUqB-fo


once got long beautiful eyelashes a
thick fur coat and two lovely humps your
mum Oh
today's slow-mo subject the camel I
think we can't do these lovely racing
camels without one of us racing now
we're joined by the very elegant Kazakh
the bactrian camel and I'd love to see
them run in slow-mo what kind of speeds
we're gonna be seeing out of it I think
no about 25 miles an hour flat-out so we
might need some kind of vehicle to keep
up with Amara we've got absolutely epic
vehicle that's gonna enable us to do the
job
we talked about 13 miles an hour I'm
just probably got a half what a camel
config no but we did keep up with it you
can see what's known as a pacing gate so
things like camels and giraffes have
this pacing gate where two legs on each
side move at the same time which makes
them look quite ungainly but no one's
really quite sure there's some thought
that maybe it's because their legs are
quite long and proportion to their body
so they're just trying to keep out of
the way of each other I'm not sure
entirely by that because other animals
have long legs and they just tuck them
slightly in Australia so notice that the
feet is spreading out quite a lot when
they hit when they hit the floor
so should we punch in and get a decent
shot yeah definitely
so camels are ungulates and unlike all
other ungulates they don't have hooves
they've got these two big toes you can
see with little nails at the end there
and they've got this connective tissue
this huge pad of connective tissue that
really spreads out and takes all of that
way to the camel and just spreads it out
over the surface of the sand so they're
not sinking through yeah absolutely
Kazakhs to zero just enormous let's
check out their face while they turn
down
not the most glamorous shots no Cossacks
best angle there but it does show things
off quite nicely for us so you can see
that lovely lip there
they've actually got prehensile lips oh
there it is in action so that allows
them to get really close to the grass
and pick things up and Ashly the top lip
is split into two parts so they were
really quite so dexterous they've
actually got two rows of eyelashes yeah
very sneaky so that's just really
blocking out any sound coming through
and I've got a membrane across their
eyes so it's like good little pair of
goggles if you like for their eye to
keep out any sand so really well adapted
and then last but not least they've got
this big brow as well that sort of big
arch over their eyes and that's like a
little sunshade basically I mean I never
would have thought these animals just so
well adapted they're awesome aren't they
but obviously they're known as the ships
of the desert they used to carrying
people I think we can't do these lovely
racing camels without one of us Racing
sounds good
it's Sam of Arabia just rocking out so
we've got Kazakh basically lined up with
a finish line here and my little look
I'm expertly steering him but I have no
idea what I'm doing
he's just getting into whatever position
he fancies whether or not he'll run who
knows but I can't wait to find out
and he's okay and the glasses didn't
break oh that's fun
so fear not YouTube I survived the camel
fall turns out I'm not very camera rider
and I was literally the straw that broke
the camel's back on pork hezakiah was
just off my knees happy hilariously
I don't even get a lift back sigh I'll
remember subscribe to earth unplugged
and we'll see you next time once No No
maybe
