Title: Did you know there's a talking gorilla? | #TalkingGorilla | BBC
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s1HcU7taTbo


you just don't expect a gorilla to be
that way you know everybody thinks Q
calm
stupid dog ratted and big and blustery
and she was small and sweet and creative
over 40 years ago
penny Patterson set out to discover of
humans and gorillas could ever
communicate I was a student at Stanford
a friend of mine said this woman is
doing this amazing thing teaching sign
language to a gorilla and I was like you
have got to be kidding
early on Koko picked up around one new
sign each month and soon penny had noted
Koko combining signs to ask for things
what began as a PhD to teach sign
language - Koko turned into a lifelong
relationship it seemed like penny was in
love with Koko and the way in which a
mother might be in love with the
daughter except your daughter has the
strength of ten men news about Koko made
headlines across the world Koko who's a
particularly intelligent who is the
subject of the longest ongoing ape
language study to date but while Penny's
findings were seen as a major
breakthrough by the media there were
some scientists who were less convinced
Penny Patterson is a overzealous mother
who was very proud of her surrogate
children and tens very much to projects
meanings are to those children that it
may not be apparent to another day there
was a yawning gap between what you might
believe and what you could prove these
animals are doing penny believes it I
think the public probably believes it
her abilities to simply recognize
herself in a mirror she is able to point
to that image and say that's me which
indicates consciousness for itself she
has this self consciousness like a
person does now nearly half a century
after the project began the line between
humans and apes is be
a course in Argentina has ruled that an
orangutan can be granted some of the
legal rights enjoyed by humans what in
tables humans to rates that other
species and animals aren't entitled to
with thousands of hours of footage
collected over forty four years does
Project Coco finally prove that animals
can communicate with humans and even
share their deep thoughts and feelings
with us maybe these animals are thinking
there's a lot more going on in their
heads and maybe we thought or are there
some things that will always separate us
from our closest relatives how human can
a gorilla be what can her brain do like
a human can do
