Title: Pororoca! Surfing the Amazon River | Forces of Nature | BBC Earth
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=s3SLigRpqKw


legend about four alpha is about three
little boys that was living and joking
with everybody at the borders of the
river and then on a big tide their diet
with this water and after this every big
big tide they said that it is the these
these kids that coming with the wave
broking everything is try and make
panicking now all people the polar akka
it's a tide that happened our big moons
the power of the tides coming more
bigger the people think that I'm crazy
to come here to surf the jungle in a
savage place with savage animals but
it's what I do and is what I love
because I love to be with the nature and
with the waves the guy who made this
board
he was the first guy that surf the Polka
in Brazil in allegory River so he knows
everything about this wave and he's a
big friend of mine and those how board
works in the Amazon we need to have a
plan because it's very danger and then
have a krill that I need to help you
because you can go to the wave and have
a flee a different view from the ocean
because in the ocean I can read the
bottom of the reef banks or the stone
banks here we have the mud banks
pororo komodo Miyagi de asistencia knows
Venice Florida sawed my Honda kamischka
total mess - tada Sunday's convention I
change costume avinasi on
