Title: Life and Death with David Attenborough | Life Story | BBC
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tDnakR_tG9Q


[Music]
the hazards that face young animals of
course dairy and amongst many animals
the great majority of the young which
they produce will not survive
which means therefore that the animal if
it is to hand on its genes the next
generation has to produce a lot of young
and the the winnowing out the loss of
great numbers of offspring in some
instances happen was really right from
the very beginning
I mean barnacle geese in this says for
example they make their nests on the top
of cliffs because they're on the ground
there's a lot of predators and in this
instance their cliffs which are 300 feet
high they are safe up there from the
predation of arctic foxes but when the
young hatch how are they to get down to
the water where they were there and
there's only one way of getting it and
that is to jump it
and you see these little balls of
latonans or fluffy ducklings leaping
into the abyss 300 feet a significant
proportion on the kill as a consequence
the very first act of their young lives
is death but a few survive
[Music]
you
