Title: How does an eagle fly? | Deadly 60 | Series 2 | BBC
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=tM2bC6qNksM


I'm in a studio in Bristol it's a
soundman down there this is though a
very special studio and I've got with me
a very special actor this is Sasha
he's a tawny eagle that's found in
Africa or Asia to be honest if we tried
to get a whitetail Elin here I think it
would probably have savaged all of us
and it might have been a bit too big but
he is absolutely perfect
you see Sasha is very well trained
indeed he's been in movies and music
videos and he's exactly right for what I
want to show you so how am I going to
use a film star bird and a television
studio to show you how eager why well I
haven't actually told you the full story
this here is a wind tunnel at any second
now someone's going to press a green
button and wind is going to start racing
through here at about 20 to 25 miles an
hour and Sasha here is going to show us
what Eagles do best okay Mike let er rip
and I can just feel the wind beginning
to build now and the first thing that
Sasha does is going from sitting
vertically on my fist to her body going
horizontal and the wings spreading okay
now what we're seeing really is the kind
of classic pose of an eagle gliding the
wings are almost at full stretch now you
can see the flight feathers the primary
flight feathers almost like fingers at
the end of the wings and these feathers
here called a lunar feathers they're the
ones making them micro adjustments to
keep him stable so he has to use no
force no effort at all he hasn't even
once had to flap his wings to keep in
this position and now even though I've
still got a hold of him he's totally
weightless
right let's see him in action whether
it's gliding accelerating or swooping to
snatch those fish from the water
those wings do it all
you
