Title: Bear Eats Dead Whale | Blue Planet | BBC Earth
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=vWdbC9Z759Q


the Alaskan coast in spring and the last
of the winter storms is subsiding the
plankton in the sea is in bloom again
and just offshore humpback whales have
returned to field
for these huge animals there's a real
risk of coming into such shallow water
and each year a good number of them pay
the price
it's an ignominiously for an aging whale
but so much flesh will not go to waste
a black bear emerges cautiously from the
woods
visitors to the coast that don't come to
breed have usually come to scavenge a
whole range of different animals have
learned to exploit the enormous quantity
of food that washes up everyday on
coastlines around the world but like so
much at the coast the quantity of
flotsam and jetsam is unpredictable
nobody can rely on it alone this carcass
even attracted a shy pack of wolves only
too happy to anoint themselves with the
scent of rotting whale it was months
before the scavengers finally cleaned up
all the meat on this huge and
unpredictable gift from the sea
