Title: Plankton, a Thank You Would be Nice | SpongeBob SquarePants | BBC Earth
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=ZEP_PJXnnNs


ladies and gentlemen introducing the
most important living creatures on the
planet that gigantic blowhard look at me
I've got a nose on the top of my head if
anyone should be getting that prize it's
us down here weak-minded sponge if
you're looking for the most important
living creatures on the planet well here
we are
plankton do you doubt me Sheldon J
plankton okay take cousin Marvin there
he may look like a dumb tiny plant when
he is but dumb Marvin and his planktonic
plant friends make up nearly half the
oxygen you're breathing right now
and you thought rainforests were doing
all the work you love all this big stuff
don't you that's why you watch all the
fancy TV shows oh look at the cute
penguins just like us yeah laugh it up
flippy because none of that stuff would
exist without plankton like me I'm as Oh
plankton a tiny animal just like all
these guys hi mom mom so my friends and
I we eat the dumb Marvin then small fish
eat us bigger animals eat them all the
way up the food chain even the blue
whale the biggest animal that's ever
lived usually likes nothing more than a
great mouth full of stupid krill what
this means is no plankton no sea life no
Krabby Patties no sushi no spongebob
that wouldn't be bad no nothing do we
feel important to you now
the food you eat the air you breathe
come on people all right hold on I'm not
finished
crude oil ancient dead plankton trapped
in the rocks
you'd be shrimp twha thout that right
without all the driving and the flying
and the electricity oh look you can even
see us from space we win we thank you
would be nice this message brought to
you by Nickelodeon and the BBC earth and
Nickelodeon's get dirty
