Title: Is Maths Dog Maggie a Fraud? | Extraordinary Animals | Series 2 | BBC Earth
Video: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=Zfw1FXXhgRk


Robert de Franco believes Maggi is
having some human help with her maths
he's devised a series of tests to try
and find out if Jesse is somehow
prompting or cueing Maggie good first he
wants to see if Maggie is receiving any
audible signals from Jesse so he floods
the room with white noise it might sound
like your tell is on the blink
but DeFranco is deliberately using this
scramble sound to drown out any secret
noises that Jesse might be making
but Maggie still gets the right answer
now the franker wants to rule out the
possibility that Jessie is giving subtle
hand or eye signals okay what I'd like
to do for the next experiment special
can you move in a little bit more closer
to the table so that the dog can't see
your hands
okay you want to put the hands under the
table like that great okay now I would
ask you to place these sunglasses on
okay two times five
did you already said again Maggie is
still able to do the sums
good luck Meg finally DeFranco sets up
the ultimate test and asked Jessie to
leave the room Maggie good girl
six plus one with Jessie out of the room
Maggie seems unable to get the right
answers Maggie six minus two okay I'm
not able to duplicate it DeFranco is
satisfied that he has proved his point
Maggie can only get the answers right
when Jessie is in the room so Maggie
must be picking up invisible signals
from her owner but what these signals
are he can't explain there is something
that's going on in the room
when Jessie is there that's not going on
when she's not so we can conclude from
that that Maggie in some way is taking
some cues from something that Jessie is
doing whether or not she's aware of it
over in Vienna
frederica gets a chance to look at the
Franco's test and she's extremely
impressed with Maggie's ability to focus
on Jessie so she's watching very closely
what the owners doing she's watching the
face very very intensely I hadn't seen a
dog being so concentrated on something
so she's looking for something there but
Frederica can't see any obvious cues or
signals from Jessie with Jessie out of
the room Maggie appears to reveal her
technique she is clearly influenced by
defranco's nodding head here was very
clear that he's not in the head by
counting my keys don't have to be
deliberate they can be unconscious if
you're focusing on something and your
expectation you know the answer it's
very easy to get into that movement or
giving some other cues with your body
that you really don't have any control
about he probably didn't do it
consciously he just did it unconsciously
but there were cues there lots of them
so Frederica still believes that maggie
is an extraordinary animal not because
she can do maths but because she can
pick up on the tiniest clues in her
owners face and guess what she's
thinking I've never seen such a high
level of attention to these features I
know that dogs can concentrate very well
if they're really focused on something
but the way she moves her head and the
way she really focuses on every movement
the owner makes that's really nice it's
very well trained
you
